Add the setup detail that ViCare is required on the device (#29161)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/vicare.markdown

The `heating_type` can either be `auto` to automatically find the most suitable type for your device or one of `gas`, `oil`, `pellets`, `heatpump`, `fuelcell`, `hybrid`.

> Important: the redirect URI that you configure requires that you perform the initial setup on a device that has the 'ViCare' application installed. If your device does not know how to handle the `vicare://` URL you will receive a 'Invalid credentials' notification and the setup procedure will fail. This means: install 'ViCare' on your phone and setup the integration from your phone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Important: the redirect URI that you configure requires that you perform the initial setup on a device that has the ViCare application installed. If your device does not know how to handle the `vicare://` URL, you will receive an **Invalid credentials** notification and the setup procedure will fail. This means: install the ViCare app on your phone and set up the integration from your phone.
```
